solsalute.com
solsalute.com
solsalute.com
solsalute.com
solsalute.com
solsalute.com
The Best Wineries in Mendoza, A Wine Tasting Guide
Mendoza is one of my favorite destinations in Argentina.
The vineyards are beautiful, wine is abundant and views of the Andes Mountains are epic.
The air is crisp, the weather is generally always sunny, and the people are warm.
There are also traditional ranches, horseback rides, hikes included in the many things to do in Mendoza…
But this post isn’t about those things.
This post is all about the best wineries in Mendoza, as well as best winery hotels, wine tours and winery lunches.
I have been to Mendoza three times over the past 10 years and have seen the wine tourism situation here change. What was once a massive effort involving emails back and forth with unresponsive wineries to schedule tours is now as easy as a click on the link in their Instagram bio.
Hundreds of wineries are now open for tourism, finally embracing this new aspect to the industry, and most use online booking platforms making it easy to plan tours yourself.
That said, going on a winery tour is still a good idea so no one needs to sacrifice and be the designated driver. Relax and let a guide take you.
However you decide to visit the best bodegas in Mendoza, you may be researching which wineries to visit, so keep reading for my favorites!

QUICK NOTE: This post contains affiliate links and Sol Salute may receive a commission for purchases made through these links, at no extra cost to you.
In this post:
A Complete Guide to Wine Tasting in Mendoza
One thing you need to know before you plan your Mendoza wine tour is that it’s huge.
There are actually three wine regions that make up Mendoza: Maipu, Lujan de Cuyo, and the Uco Valley.
While you will taste incredible wine anywhere you go in Mendoza, all wineries and wine regions were not created equal regarding experience.
The three Mendoza wine regions are:
As I edit and update this post in December 2024, it pains me to delete my descriptions of wine tastings in Mendoza as cheap. Tastings and visits are now very pricey and on par with the US or Europe.
One bodega we visited for $7 in 2018 now charges $50 for the same experience. This seems to be the case across the board, prices are up.
Luckily, however, the quality of the Mendoza wine you will taste here is excellent and so is the quantity.
Tasting sizes tend to be full pours here (which makes the private drivers worth their weight in gold).
NOTE: You’ll also want to read my guide on Where to Stay in Mendoza (with all of the best hotels and neighborhoods).

The Best Mendoza Wine Tours
There are SO many top Mendoza wineries to visit but how does one visit them?
Here are the best tours to help you get around. With so many options there is really something for all budgets and interests.

The Best Wineries In Mendoza
Updated December 13, 2024
For what feels like the umpteenth time since originally publishing this article in 2018, I am once again re-writing this list of Mendoza’s best wineries.
In November 2024, we visited Mendoza for a third time and in the meantime I’ve also been collecting a long list of wineries I wish I had time (and funds) to visit from fellow wine loving friends.
Below is the list of wineries I’ve been to and wineries I will visit one day (come hell or high water).
I break the list down geographically by the three wine regions, then provide two more lists – one for family friendly bodegas and architectural stunners.
Dried vines in a vineyard in winter in front of a mountain range
Dried vines in a vineyard in winter in front of a mountain range
The Best Wineries in Maipu
Maipu – let’s start with the area closest to Mendoza city proper and possibly the easiest to visit.
This area is popular with backpackers.
Take a bus to get to Maipu then rent a bike to get around the bodegas. Alternatively, you could use rideshares like Uber or Cabify.
The road is a bit industrial, with a bike lane making things safe but you will bike part of the way along large trucks. However, once you get off the main road and into the wineries, it is very peaceful.
When we rented bikes (admittedly back in 2014), no reservations were needed for the wineries that are on their circuit. They gave regular tours and our bike rental company gave us a general overview with a map.
A post shared by Casa Vigil (@casavigil)
Casa Vigil (El Enemigo)
This is repeatedly one of the most highly recommended wineries and restaurants in Mendoza in recent years, the “casa” of Alejandro Vigil and his wine label – El Enemigo.
Casa Vigil was inspired by Dante’s Divine Comedy, transporting you from hell to paradise, and the struggle with the inner self (explaining the label’s name, El Enemigo).
Reserve well in advance as Vigil is in high demand. Ingredients are locally sourced, many from their own garden.
Reserve your table or visit in advance via their booking platform or book this excursion.
Bodega La Rural
If you’re interested in history you’ll love La Rural and their Museo de VIno filled with wine production antiques.
La Rural is one of the most important bodegas in Argentina.
Felipe Rutini starting making wine here in 1885 and their wines are on just about every menu in the country.
You can book your visit online here.
Unlike most Mendoza wineries, most of their wine is consumed locally, rather than for export, so if you’re visiting from abroad their wines may be new to you.
Mevi
Mevi is a great option for lunch on the bike route of Maipu wineries.
It is charmingly boutique compared to the mass production of La Rural. Click here to reserve your visit.
We skipped the full tasting in favor of ordering a glass of delicious Malbec Rose to enjoy on their terrace (we’d already had quite a bit of wine by this point).
For food you can order a picada (charcuterie platter) to enjoy on one of their two terraces.
They are located down a small road further from the main highway so it is quiet and beautiful here.
Trapiche
Trapiche is the one winery in Maipu I wish we had had time to visit but weren’t able to.
No matter where you’re visiting from, you’ve likely seen a bottle of Trapiche Malbec on your store shelves back home.
They are one of the oldest wineries in the region, established in 1883 and winning awards since 1889.
The building you’ll tour is newer to Trapiche, remodeled and restored to its previous glory.
If you’ve tried their wines at home don’t miss the chance to learn about their interesting history in person.
To reserve your tour and tasting, find more information on their website or book here

The Best Wineries in Lujan de Cuyo
Luján de Cuyo, now we’re talking.
I love Lujan de Cuyo. This is still close to the city but feels miles apart.
To get here with public transport there is a city bus from downtown Mendoza that takes about 45 minutes. Otherwise, a taxi or Uber takes about 20 minutes.
The small town of Chacras de Coria is the beating heart of Lujan de Cuyo with a number wineries (like Clos de Chacras or Pulmary) reachable on foot.
You can rent bikes to visit wineries in and around Chacras de Coria or if you have a car or driver, visit the wineries that are further afield.
If you’re visiting wineries on your own with Uber or a rental car, it’s best to reserve in advance. Plan for 3 visits/tastings with one of those involving lunch.
If you don’t want to deal with logistics, hire a tour wine tour of Lujan de Cuyo:

Carmelo Patti
This is a must visit if you’re in the area. Carmelo himself is always present and is clearly passionate about what he does.
Carmelo Patti is a garage winery, which technically means there is no cellar, but it’s also in a literal garage-like warehouse.
Carmelo Patti (seen above) is the winemaker, owner, and even the tour guide. Click here to visit his website and reserve one of his four daily tours (closed Sundays).
If you buy a bottle, he’ll sign it and write which year to open it for best results.
Lagarde
Lagarde produces excellent wine grown on a beautiful historic estate.
It was founded in 1897 but was acquired by the Pescarmona family in 1969. Today it’s run by two sisters, Lucia and Sofia Pescarmona.
It’s exciting to see women take the reigns in Mendoza and you can see it in Lagarde’s Proyecto Hermanas line.
Visit their website for information on tours and to reserve a tour or for dining.
If you’re looking for a more upscale restaurant for lunch, their two restaurants – Zonda and Fogon – are of the best in the area (recognized by the Michelin Guide).

Finca Minimal
Our hotel, La Maria Hotel Boutique, recommended Finca Minimal and I quickly made a reservation for the following day.
This farm houses a vineyard, a goat farm that produces their own cheese, and a restaurant. All of these “small universes” as they call them come together to form Finca Minimal.
Our lunch was five courses with wine pairings and I was grateful for a meal that was heavy on fresh produce and light on the steaks (we had had quite a bit of steaks up until this point).
It was a very laid back experience with zero pretension. We stopped our meal multiple times to go visit and feed the goats and see the chickens, which kept our kids happy throughout the meal.
Message them on Instagram for a reservation, at the time we visited there were discounts for Argentina residents that helped us out a lot!
Clos de Chacras
This boutique winery is located in downtown Chacras de Coria, but once you’re through the gates you feel like you’re miles from the city.
Relax with a glass of their wine on the deck next to their large coy pond or enjoy lunch in their dining room, located inside a beautiful restored building from the 1920’s.
Tours take you through the winery and vineyard and the tasting at the end conveniently comes with a cheese plate that you can enjoy at your leisure.
Click here to reserve either tastings/visits or dining.
Bonus points for Clos de Chacras are that you can walk here if you’re staying in town, saving you any logistics! We went here and to Pulmary one day when we didn’t want to deal with bikes or tours or thinking. Which leads me to…
Pulmary
Another walkable winery in Clos de Chacras, Pulmary is an organic winery. In fact, they were the first family-run organic winery in all of Argentina.
Admittedly it has been a decade since we visited but they were my first exposure to organic wines (which are now quite the trend).
For reservations, reach out to them via WhatsApp. You can find the number and details in their Instagram bio.

A16
I decided to visit A16 only because I’d never heard of it before. I like to visit boutique wineries or wineries that are new to me, rather than try wines I see all the time in the shops at home.
The random choice paid off because the wine was spectacular and our tour guide was very friendly.
After our tour of the property (which included a tasting straight from the barrel), we were free to taste any of their wines that we’d like.
I was particularly intrigued by their white wine made out of Malbec grapes.
They have tours and tastings and a Criollo lunch menu, click here for information and to reserve.
On Saturdays, you can watch the sunset from their vineyard with a DJ and a food truck.

Ojo de Agua
We enjoyed a delicious three-course lunch with wine pairings at Ojo de Agua, sitting outside on the porch by the vines with a view of the snow-capped Andes.
Ojo de Agua is owned by Swiss artist and musician Dieter Meier.
They don’t sell their wines in Argentina or the US, so eating here may be the only chance you get to try their wine.
Click here to reserve. You can go just for a tasting but with their location and view, I highly recommend staying for lunch.
More Lujan de Cuyo Wineries
I have quite a lot of wine loving friends who have contributed to my wish list of Mendoza wineries. One day, in an ideal world I’ll visit all of them, until then – here is the list for you!
The fact that I have not visited these wineries is due to budget (my lack thereof) and not lack of interest and definitely not due to their lack of quality. These are some of the most highly recommended wineries in Lujan de Cuyo:

The Best Wineries in The Uco Valley
You’ll be hard-pressed to have a better Mendoza wine tasting experience than the one you’ll have in the Uco Valley.
If you only have one day to spend tasting wine in Argentina, then choose a tour or private driver that will bring you here.
Note: You absolutely must make reservations ahead of time for Uco Valley wineries.
If you’re planning to rent a car and go on your own, spend some time planning your itinerary and making reservations before you leave for Argentina.
If you’re touring with a private driver, they likely take care of it for you (check to be sure) but can follow your itinerary if its important to you.
Also, if your driver or guide is creating your itinerary and you want to visit a specific winery, let them know in advance.

Alfa Crux
Alfa Crux may be hard to reach but it’s worth every minute you sit in the car to get there.
It took us an hour to get there from Tupungato (where we stayed in the Uco Valley). It will take an hour and forty minutes from Mendoza’s city center.
The wines were spectacular and the building was as well.
If you love architecture, then you have to visit Alfa Crux. The highlight for me were the massive tanks that also served as structural columns.
Our tasting included a wine from each level of their wines. If you want to get more bang for your buck regarding the drive out, stay for lunch at their restaurant (the views won’t disappoint).
To visit, you need to message them via WhatsApp, which you can do via their website or Instagram.
A stone and glass circular building surrounded by the vines of the best wineries in Mendoza
A stone and glass circular building surrounded by the vines of the best wineries in Mendoza
4 people sitting at a table drinking wine on a deck at a vineyard
4 people sitting at a table drinking wine on a deck at a vineyard
SuperUco
SuperUco was my favorite Argentina winery tour and tasting out of our 2018 trip.
This Uco Valley winery is owned by the four Michelini brothers and is a family passion project.
They grow and produce their wines organically and bio-dynamically, aiming to keep everything as close to the way nature intended as possible.
You can see this in how they grow their vines to how they’ve designed the architecture of the building itself.
The tasting took place on their deck with a view to the Andes in front of us.
For information on visits and lunches, check their SuperUco Turismo Instagram.
People sit at restaurant tables in the mountains
People sit at restaurant tables in the mountains
Bodega La Azul
Bodega La Azul is my absolute favorite winery and restaurant in all of Mendoza. We’ve had lunch at Bodega La Azul on our first two trips.
Bodega La Azul offers a 5-course lunch with (bottomless) wine pairings.
After lunch, you are taken for a private tasting of a reserve wine straight from the barrel.
I can say confidently this is the best lunch I’ve ever had, twice. The wine flows freely and the views are unbeatable.
For a unique experience offered by people who truly love what they do, have lunch at La Azul, a family owned winery.
You can read more about my most last visit there in my review of Bodega La Azul (restaurant and hotel).

Familia Blanco
I tend to prefer boutique vineyards over large scale production bodegas and family-run is even better. Familia Blanco ticks all the boxes.
Mónica, the head of the bodega and also the family, met us with a glass of rose and gave us a tour of the vineyard and bodega.
Familia Blanco’s pride and joy is Bonarda and they have five different labels featuring the varietal, which is very unique in Malbec loving Mendoza.
And fun fact, if their wine looks familiar maybe you saw it on the menu on Emarites. The airline chose one of their wines for first class during the Quatar World Cup.
Visit Familia Blanco by booking a tour guided by the owners, a Bonarda focused tasting, or a general tasting that samples their different lines.

Domaine Bousquet
French-owned Domain Bousquet makes organic wines in the Uco Valley.
The father of the current owners came to Argentina after searching the world for the perfect location to support organic wine production.
Lucky for us, the dry desert air in the Uco Valley was perfect.
The dry air, the land, everything came together for him to produce some of the best organic wines in Argentina. Click here to reserve a visit or meal.
Fun fact: His children are in charge now but he runs Jean Bousquet just next door.

Bodegas Salentein
Salentein is one of the most popular wines domestically in Argentina and abroad.
You will see it on store shelves everywhere and for good reason.
Their wines are excellent at every level, even their youngest line Portillo finds its way to my kitchen on a regular basis.
This is one of the most popular Mendoza wineries to tour in the Uco Valley.
The building itself is an architectural feat designed to be as inconspicuous as possible.
From ground level it appears to be a minute single-story building but once you descend the staircase you’ll find a massive space with room for 5,000 barrels.
The star of the show (aside from the wine) are the acoustics.
In the center of the barrel room is a space designed to reverberate sound directly upwards.
Concerts can be (and are) had here without affecting the barrels just steps away, not a single drop of wine will vibrate.
There is also an in house art gallery, Espacio Killka. Click here to reserve a visit or lunch. You can also stay overnight at their luxury hotel.
A post shared by Zuccardi Valle de Uco (@zuccardivalledeuco)
Zuccardi Valle de Uco
Zuccardi in the Uco Valley is not only among the best Mendoza wineries, for three consecutive years it has been voted the best vineyard in the world in a list of the world’s Top 50 vineyards (other Argentine bodegas on the list include Salentein, Catena Zapata, and Trapiche and in 2022 they were welcomed into The World’s Best Vineyards Hall of Fame.
Zuccardi has been in the same family for three generations, run today by Sebastian Zuccardi. He is passionate about wine making, believing that drinking a wine should take you to its place of origin.
Click here to reserve a tasting or lunch in their restaurant, Piedra Infinita. Understandably, demand is high so make your reservation early.

The Best Mendoza Wineries For Families
Yes, you CAN visit Mendoza bodegas with kids.
Traveling Argentina with kids is actually a really enjoyable experience and Mendoza is no different.
But it’s true, and understandable, that not all wineries will be as welcoming for families. I just took my two toddlers to Mendoza and did a lot of research on where I would be able to take them while still enjoying myself, here is what I found.
Bring toys to keep them happy, for us that was Water Wows and coloring books. Other than that, they just ran wild in the grass.
Family-Friendly Mendoza Wineries:

Mendoza Vineyards for Architecture Lovers
A team of two architects together make up the firm Bormida y Yanzon.
If you love architecture and design, you’d be well-served to take their projects into account when planning your wine tasting itinerary.
Together they have designed the most impressive buildings that dot the landscape across Mendoza.
They incorporate innovative materials such as concrete, stone, wood, and glass into their projects that result in a building that echoes the land around it.
Their winery projects are both modern and functional but also fit perfectly into the natural landscape of Mendoza.
A few noteworthy bodegas that they’ve designed include Salentien, O. Fournier, Septima (above) and DiamAndes.
If you’re interested in learning more, put this article about them through Google Translate.
For a complete list of their projects visit their website, click on proyectos, then bodegas.

When to Visit Mendoza Wineries
The best time of year to visit Mendoza’s vineyards is generally from October until April, from Spring until the fall harvest.
However, visiting in summer (January and February) will give you hot afternoons and the busy season.
Locals travel in droves during their summer holidays in January.
The absolute best time to visit Mendoza is in March for harvest (the “cosecha” or vendimia).
Despite all of that, Mendoza is a generally a great destination year-round.
We have visited three times. In March, we were there a week before the actual harvest festival, so we were able to see the vines lush and full of grapes.
In September, we were there just after most wineries had done their pruning. While we didn’t see any vines, it was still beautiful.
The vines will begin to regrow for spring at around the end of September. Our third visit was in November and the vineyards were full and lush, the grapes were still tiny.
Read more: The Best Time to Visit Argentina
How to bring wine home with you
If you find a wine you love that isn’t exported, then you might want to bring a bottle or 6 home with you.
Wine in Argentina is very cheap for the quality that you get, so many wine loving friends of mine bring many, many bottles home with them each trip.
This is how they do it:
Wine Bottle Suitcase | Holds 12 Standard 750 ML Size Bottles | Universal Airplane Luggage Case, TSA Approved Wheeled Bag For Professionals and Consumers, Gift For Wine Lovers & Connoisseurs (24 IN)Wine Bottle Suitcase | Holds 12 Standard 750 ML Size Bottles | Universal Airplane Luggage Case, TSA Approved Wheeled Bag For Professionals and Consumers, Gift For Wine Lovers & Connoisseurs (24 IN)")
Wine Bottle Suitcase | Holds 12 Standard 750 ML Size Bottles | Universal Airplane Luggage Case, TSA Approved Wheeled Bag For Professionals and Consumers, Gift For Wine Lovers & Connoisseurs (24 IN)
Wine Bottle Suitcase | Holds 12 Standard 750 ML Size Bottles | Universal Airplane Luggage Case, TSA Approved Wheeled Bag For Professionals and Consumers, Gift For Wine Lovers & Connoisseurs (24 IN)

Mendoza Wine Tasting Tips
Planning your day of wineries in Mendoza can be overwhelming.
Plan well to make sure you have a great Mendoza wine tasting experience and not ruin your wine tasting.
A wine bottle and two glasses
A wine bottle and two glasses
Sample Mendoza Winery Itineraries
Here are two sample itineraries for my two favorite Mendoza wine regions: Lujan de Cuyo & The Uco Valley.
They’re tried and tested (they’re our itineraries from our more recent trip!).
Take them and copy them identically or use them as a guide, substituting your own favorite wineries that are nearby.
Whichever you choose, I hope you have an excellent day of wine tasting!
Uco Valley Itinerary
If I were to plan a wine tasting in Valle de Uco Itinerary for a friend, this is the day I’d schedule for them.
A bottle of wine on a table next to a basket of bread
A bottle of wine on a table next to a basket of bread
Lujan de Cuyo Itinerary
This is my ideal day in Lujan de Cuyo, and it’s tried and tested because this is how we spent a day here this year.
You’ll need a car or a driver for this itinerary as these wineries aren’t reachable by bikes rented from Baccus. It’s worth the effort, I promise.
Map of the Best Mendoza Wineries & Hotels
Use the following map to see the locations of the best Mendoza vineyards, hotels & restaurants mentioned in this post.

A bed with grey pillows by a river stone wall
A bed with grey pillows by a river stone wall
Where to stay in Mendoza
I have a more complete guide on Mendoza accommodation where I break down the pros and cons of staying in town versus on a vineyard, and list the best hotels in each location.
But for a quick glance, here are the best places to stay in Mendoza starting from hostels in town and ending in my favorite Uco Valley guesthouse.
Hotels in Downtown Mendoza:
Hotels in Chacras de Coria:
Hotels in the Uco Valley:
Wine Tasting in Mendoza’s Bodegas: In Summary
I hope this post gives you EVERYTHING you need to know to visit Mendoza.
If you have any questions whatsoever, please let me know in the comments and I’ll answer you as soon as I can.
If I missed your favorite Mendoza vineyard, let me know in the comments as well!
I’m always looking for places to visit on our next Argentine wine trip.
Cheers!!
Read More About Argentina Wine Regions
Health Insurance Requirement
Foreign travelers are currently required to have travel medical insurance. While agents are still figuring out enforcement, they could deny you entry if you do not meet the requirement. Also, requirements aside, medical insurance is always a good idea when you travel.
SafetyWing’s Essential Plan meets all of the requirements Argentina is asking for (think hospital stays or antibiotics). It also covers lost luggage, travel delays and evacuations. Click here for more information to avoid future headaches.
Argentina Travel Resources
Pin It For Later

39 thoughts on “The Best Wineries in Mendoza, A Wine Tasting Guide”
This is one very documented and useful article. i do like to visit wineries and well, it seems that some have to be included in an Argentina tour
Wine is the official national drink here in Argentina so definitely include it in a tour if you visit! 🙂
Wine tasting in Mendoza has been on my list for quite some time. Hopefully I get there one day! Your post is awesome… such helpful tips and beautiful pictures and descriptive inspiration 🙂
I hope you can make it someday! It’s such a great spot because it’s so affordable for such luxury experiences 🙂
This all looks amaaaaazing!  
You have such gorgeous photos, and visiting wineries sounds like a perfect thing to do on holiday! 🙂
Thanks!! I love wineries, I never get tired of them haha or their tastings 😉
I have never been in Argentina, but I have been in Chile wine region, just few km away from Mendoza and the border, dying to go!
You have to go!! Chile’s is also beautiful but Mendoza is incredible!
This guide is epic Erin! I wish I’d got back there again before I left Argentina – we only visited once and it was right at the start of our time living there. Carmelo is so entertaining!
This is so thorough! I didn’t make it to Mendoza when I was in Argentina – just another reason to go back!
Thanks so much! I want everyone to love their wine tasting experience as much as I did 🙂 You’re going to have to come back again and visit Uco Valley and Carmelo (I never get tired of his tours even though they never change)
Thanks! It’s always great to have another reason to go back 🙂
This is now on my bucketlist, omg! I’ve been practicing for this trip all my life! 😉
Thanks for reading! And boy do I know what you mean about practicing 😉
Thank you for the great article! I am heading there in October and was curious about renting a car. I have heard that the roads are not well marked and that renting a car is not the best idea. It seems like you rented a car though, did you have any issues? Thanks!
Hi Nicole!  
You’re right that a lot of the roads aren’t well marked but the region is full of wineries and I didn’t have a hard time getting around. I recommend making a map on google maps with your itinerary mapped out, or download a map on an app like "maps.me" before you go, google maps led me straight to the wineries with no problem.
Cheers!
This is amazing! I am glad I found this blog in preparation for my trip. Thank you for sharing! I will make sure to share this. My dearest friend and I are heading to Argentina in celebration of a milestone birthday. We will be in Mendoza on her birthday. Any recommendations on planning this special day for her? vine tasting and spatacular lunch? Any highly recommended dinner location in the city of Mendoza ?
Thanks Virginia!! You will love Mendoza!! For wineries, this post has all my favorites, I recommend visiting the Uco Valley to see the best of the best. And have lunch here:  

Azafran is a great restaurant in the city of Mendoza for an excellent birthday dinner!! Cheers!!
This is the most complet post I found about Mendoza. This is funny because I am argentinean myself but I’d never been to Mendoza. Thanks so much for all the information and the detailled description 🙂
Thank you so much for your kind words!! You will LOVE Mendoza, it is my happy place 🙂
I saw on your Instagram that your next stop is Neuquen! That is my hometown! let me know if can give back to you any tip 🙂
Great post. Tons of good information. I’ve been to Mendoza many times but you uncovered parts I didn’t know about!
Hello Augustina! Thanks, we were actually there this past weekend 🙂 We enjoy it and the wineries!
Thanks so much Matt! I LOVE Mendoza and still have even more places left on my list of wineries and restaurants I want to visit there, it’s my happy place haha
This is so great, Thank you for posting this! I am planning to visit Mendoza July 2020 for our Honeymoon. Any other locations you recommend? Also, do you remember roughly how much each winery’s tasting fee was?
Thank you so much for the information! Appreciate
All my favorite spots are here in this post so you’ve got them all! Wine tastings are pretty cheap, most cost the equivalent of $7-8 US.
Hi!  
Thanks for all the great tips! I am going there in a few weeks and am just now trying to map out a day of wine tasting.  
Can you share the pricing of any of the Uco Valley wineries? Or in general how much should I expect to spend for a tasting?
Hi Emela!! Most wineries in the Uco Valley will have tastings from around $7-10 US (with different options including the different reserves). Some are pricier. For example, I think Salentein is around $20 US or the wineries in Clos de los Siete (which are more expensive to visit). I don’t find these expensive ones to be worth the double or triple cost, all of the wineries there are excellent!!
Hi Erin!  
Thanks for this guide, it is fabulous.  
I am interested in hiring a car with a driver (cause we will be consuming all the wine!!) but want to organize my own itinerary. Couldnt find where to do that though. Could you help out? I basically want to do your Ucu Valley itinerary 🙂
Thanks so much for this blog, it’s fantastic! As people who adore wine, trying to narrow down which places to go was a Herculean task so this is super helpful. Quick question: if we were to do the bike tours in Maipu and Lujan de Cuyo, would we need to book with them in advance with Mr Hugo/Bacchus and let them know our preferred schedule, or can we just turn up on the day?
Enjoy Mendoza, if you adore wine you’ll be in paradise!  
You can typically book the bike tours on the same day, enjoy it!
I would contact private driver’s and see if they’ll arrange the itinerary you want. If you’re more independent, I know friends who planned their own itinerary by calling the wineries themselves (this post has all the contact information) and arranging reservations, and hiring the driver to take them where they had already reserved.
Try contacting a driver like this one and see if they’ll take you along my route 🙂  
partner.viator.com/en/67263/tours/Mendoza/Mendoza-Private-Wine-Driver-Guide/d931-26017P1
Wow! Thank you! This is by far the most helpful traveling website/blog I have found, especially about Mendoza. I have the Lonely Planet books and have looked else where but did not give me near the info I needed. I copied and pasted your UCO itinerary. We will be renting a car as well… (hopefully that’s not to hard? Do I need to get a travelers license?) And I will be doing everything in your list. We have 3 days, my husband and myself. Planning our trip to south America in October. Much needed vacation, we have 5 kiddos! Also another question, how much do the bottles of wine usually cost, on average?
Hi Beth! I’m so, so happy to hear you found what you needed here! Renting a car is very easy but it can be harder to get an automatic. I’d check on that as early as you can if that matters to you. And your US license is fine, you don’t need an international license.  
You’ll LOVE the Uco Valley itinerary, I could easily repeat it again and still enjoy it. And as a rest from five kids you will definitely enjoy yourself haha.  
Wine can be very affordable, I’d say young wines start at 500 pesos (at the moment that’s less than U$3! Reserves will probably run $1,000-$3,000 depending on the vineyard, you’re looking at $5-$15 US. Save space in your luggage.
Hi Erin,  
Just wanted to express a warm thank you for this detailed and insightful blog post — it helped us a great deal on our trip to Mendoza and we visited several of the places you recommended. Also Chacras de Choria was a great tip! Bianca
Thanks so much for coming back to comment and let me know! I’m so happy ya’ll had a great time in Mendoza, my happy place.
Hi Erin, I’m bianca from Brazil and I’ll be travelling to Argentina next month. I really would like to THANK YOU with all my heart! all of your posts are helping me to plan my motorcycle trip. Congratulations for your beautiful pictures and for all the information you’ve collected. Best wishes for u and your family
Bianca thank you so much for your kind words!! I’m glad you had such an amazing trip!
Leave a Comment
Comment
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Hola, I'm Erin!
I'm a Texan expat based in Buenos Aires for over 15 years. I have a history in hospitality and passion for travel that drive this website. My goal is to help you discover Argentina like a local my detailed guides and itineraries. Read more about me and my travels.
follow along with me
latest posts
Affiliate Disclosure
This website contains affiliate links and Sol Salute may receive a commission for purchases made through these links, at no extra cost to you. As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. Read more.
About
About Me  
Work With Me  
Contact Me  
Privacy Policy
Argentina
Argentina Travel Guide  
Buenos Aires Guide  
Patagonia Guide Food & Drink  
Culture
Travel Better
Travel Consultations  
Join the FB Group  
Travel Gear  
Live Abroad  
Yoga
Follow Along on Social Media
Copyright 2017-2026 Sol Salute. All Rights Reserved.